Intimacy Tracker is an application used to record your sex life. You can use Intimacy Tracker to record and manage your sex life, and view and track related data through calendars and statistical charts. Help you master a healthy lifestyle.

In Intimacy Tracker, you can record your every sexual life in detail (supporting the choice of partner, location, whether to use protective measures, posture, whether to use props, duration, etc.). Intimacy Tracker is also very considerate for single users who do not have a sexual partner yet. The "masturbation recording" function has been prepared. The information you need is clear on the first screen.

It also has a reminder function so that you can be prepared and arrange your own sex life appropriately!

● Detailed recording function, you can choose your partner, location, duration, whether to use protective measures, posture, whether to use props, etc. You can also record your partner's safety period and rate your partner.
● Sex life calendar, you can view the recorded sex life-related data in the calendar view. And for female users, it marks your menstrual period, fertile period and safe period, so that you can know your status clearly.
● The easy-to-use timing function can time your sex life and comes with soothing and romantic music.
● It supports recording the sex life of you and your partner. It also supports recording masturbation for single users who do not have a partner yet.
● Sex life statistics, statistics of your preferences based on your record history, such as favorite positions, number of sex times per week, overall satisfaction and other information.
● Beautiful and concise UI design.
● Protect your privacy at all times. All user data is only saved in your own phone and can only be seen by you.

Your suggestions and feedback are very important to me. If you have any questions or suggestions while using Intimacy Tracker, you can contact me by leaving a message in the Google Play comment area.

Advertising/Subscription Disclosure: Yes, there are ads, but they are limited and do not impact the user experience. Some advanced features may require viewing video ads on average every few days.
